README.rst, before:

About
=====
This is yet another `py.test <http://pytest.org/>`_ plugin to help you test your django application.
The difference is in the way it handles tests - in pydjango each test run surrounded by savepoints so you can use things like `setup_module/setup_class <http://pytest.org/latest/xunit_setup.html>`_

Installation
============
``pip install git+https://github.com/krya/pydjango#egg=pydjango``

Usage
=====
First of all you need to make this plugin aware of your django settings. To do so you have few options:

* make an environment variable: ::

    export DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=myproject.settings

* pass settings path to py.test invocation: ::

    py.test --django-settings=myproject.settings

* make a `pytest.ini` file in root folder with following content: ::

    [pytest]
    DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=myproject.settings

* and finally you can set up your `settings in python code <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.4/topics/settings/#using-settings-without-setting-django-settings-module>`_. Just make a `conftest.py`
  file in root folder with: ::

    from django.conf import settings

    def pytest_configure():
        settings.configure(DATABASES={'default':{'ENGINE':'django.db.backends.sqlite3'}})


Available fixtures
==================
* client
    `Client instance <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.4/topics/testing/#module-django.test.client>`_
* rf
    `RequestFactory instance <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.4/topics/testing/#django.test.client.RequestFactory:>`_
* user
    user instace with username `test`
* admin
    superuser instance with username `admin`
* settings
    django's settings module
* uclient
    a client instance with logged in `test` user
* aclient
    a client instance with logged in `admin` user

both `uclient` and `aclient` are logged in using ``django.contrib.auth.backends.ModelBackend``

.. note:: this fixtures are not a django fixtures but pytest

Commit message:

move database wrapper and use own database for each slave in xdist

README.rst, after:

About
=====
This is a `py.test <http://pytest.org/>`_ plugin to help you test your django application.

Features
========
* support `pytest-xdist <http://pypi.python.org/pypi/pytest-xdist>`_
    currently each node in will create its own database (there is not way to run transaction tests not in parallel)
* support for nested `setup_module/setup_class <http://pytest.org/latest/xunit_setup.html>`_
    every module or class is surrounded with savepoint
* lazy savepoints
    savepoints won't be created unless your test function touches database
* djangos TransactionTestCase, TestCase and plain unittests TestCase are supported.

Installation
============
``pip install git+https://github.com/krya/pydjango#egg=pydjango``

Usage
=====
First of all you need to make this plugin aware of your django settings. To do so you have few options:

* make an environment variable: ::

    export DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=myproject.settings

* pass settings path to py.test invocation: ::

    py.test --django-settings=myproject.settings

* make a `pytest.ini` file in root folder with following content: ::

    [pytest]
    DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=myproject.settings

* and finally you can set up your `settings in python code <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.4/topics/settings/#using-settings-without-setting-django-settings-module>`_. Just make a `conftest.py`
  file in root folder with: ::

    from django.conf import settings

    def pytest_configure():
        settings.configure(DATABASES={'default':{'ENGINE':'django.db.backends.sqlite3'}})


Available fixtures
==================
* client
    `Client instance <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.4/topics/testing/#module-django.test.client>`_
* rf
    `RequestFactory instance <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.4/topics/testing/#django.test.client.RequestFactory:>`_
* user
    user instace with username `test`
* admin
    superuser instance with username `admin`
* settings
    django's settings module
* uclient
    a client instance with logged in `test` user
* aclient
    a client instance with logged in `admin` user

both `uclient` and `aclient` are logged in using ``django.contrib.auth.backends.ModelBackend``

.. note:: this fixtures are not a django fixtures but pytest
